Pricing - Buildium You are using an outdated browser. Please upgrade your browser to improve your experience and security. FREE PLAYBOOK Playbook: Building Tech-Enabled Tenant Application Workflows Download Now Playbook: Building Tech-Enabled Tenant Application Workflows Download Now Choose Success. We’re happy you’re here. All Buildium pricing packages are designed with you in mind and come with exactly what you’d expect in your property management software—what’s left for you to choose are the pieces that will help you get where you’re looking to go next. Essential starting at $62/month Your portfolio is taking off and you’re ready to up your game. Get the essentials to automate your day-to-day and get your business running from a central platform. Start Free Trial Plan Highlights All basic Accounting, Maintenance, & Leasing features Basic Communications & Buildium’s AI Assistant Standard & Bulk Reporting Most Popular Growth starting at $192/month You’re growing and need the right tools to take you there. Grow from Essential with additional features, support, and performance insights to help you optimize. Start Free Trial Plan Highlights Everything in Essential, plus more customization & reporting automation Enhanced Tenant Screening, lower cost eSignatures & EFT transactions AI-enhanced Communications and Business Analytics Premium starting at $400/month You’re operating at a whole new level and need the foundation for your business to scale. Get everything in Growth plus Open API, insights-to-action, and the opportunity for money back in your pocket. Start Free Trial Plan Highlights Everything in Growth, plus our most sophisticated features Free inspections, eSignatures and first year free Incoming EFT transactions Full AI and Automations suite, plus Open API × h4 Sign up for your free 14-day trial /h4 It takes just 30 seconds. No credit card required. Use sample data to see how Buildium handles your real-world tasks. First Name Last Name Company Name Business Email Phone Number Number of Units = 48" min="1" autocomplete="off"> Password 8 characters minimum One uppercase letter One lowercase letter One number or special character By submitting this form, you consent to the use of your contact information in accordance with Buildium Terms and Privacy Policy Plans designed for every stage of growth Essential Growth Premium Expand all Collapse all Essential Growth Premium Leasing Rental Listing Syndication Prospect Management Applicant Management EFT Residential Refunds Marketing Website Tenant Screening Tenant Application Grouping Rental History Verification eSignature Resident Experience Resident Portal Buildium Moving Services Payment Alternatives (Obligo, Livble, Retail Cash) Rent Reporting Amenity Booking Community Calendar Online Payments & Autopay Maintenance Task and Work Order Management Maintenance Projects and Project Templates Maintenance Reports Maintenance Billing Staff Calendar Staff Time Tracking Unit Turn Automation Property Inspections Maintenance Contact Center Accounting Bank Account Setup EFT Approvals Bank Reconciliation Financial Reporting & Standard Reports Batched Reports Business Operations Owners Portal Integrated Communications Two-Way Email and SMS Threads Performance Analytics and Insights Business Analytics and Insights Revenue Generation & Growth Buildium Rewards Buildium Property Insurance All Property Management HomeWiseDocs Lumina AI Buildium Assistant (Help Only) Write with Lumina Lumina AI Workforce AI Bill Scan Automation Resident Payment Reminders Automated Tenant Screening Returned Payment Automation Preferred Approvers Automation: Bill Approvals Bank Reconciliation Rules Reporting Automation Workflow Automations Customization Custom Dashboard Customized User Roles and Permissions Customized Reports Marketplace Integrations Custom Fields Open API Support 95% Customer Support Satisfaction Rating Ticket Support Access to our ticket support system. We’ll respond to your requests by email. Onboarding Dedicated team to import your existing data into our system and create a customized training plan to meet your needs. Live Phone Support Reliable, LIVE phone support in minutes (not hours). Talk to our experts Monday-Friday between 9 AM and 8 PM EST to answer any questions you have. 85% of customer support calls are resolved on the first call. Priority Support Cut the line and get even faster answers to your questions. Average phone wait time is 1 minute. Average ticket wait time is 30 minutes. Staffed by our most senior and experienced support professionals. ***Eligibility for the $500 All Property Management lead credit is contingent on the purchase of your first All Property Management lead. Such credit will be applied within 30 days of the lead purchase and will thereafter be available to use immediately toward the purchase of additional All Property Management leads. Customize Your Subscription to Enhance Your Business Customize your subscription with the features and services you need. Additional fees apply for these features and services. ePay for Online Payments Automated EFT and credit card payments for rent, fees, and bills. Essential Incoming EFT: $2.35 per transaction || Outgoing EFT: $0.99 per transaction || Credit Cards: 2.99% per transaction Bank account setup fee: $99 per business bank account Growth Incoming EFT: $1.35 per transaction || Outgoing EFT: $0.99 per transaction || Credit Cards: 2.99% per transaction Bank account setup fee: 10 free business bank accounts; $99 per additional business bank account Premium Incoming EFT: First 12 months free, then $0.60 || Outgoing EFT: $0.99 per transaction || Credit Cards: 2.99% per transaction Bank account setup fee: 100 free business bank accounts; $99 per additional business bank account Tenant Screening, powered by TransUnion Quick and easy tenant screening fills vacancies with the right residents. Tenant Screening $17 per screening Applicant Paid Tenant Screening $35 per screening paid by applicant Enhanced Tenant Screening (Growth & Premium Plans) $20 per screening Renters Insurance, powered by MSI Protect properties and residents by offering renters insurance. Protect properties and residents by offering renters insurance. Starting at $12.00 per month through the Resident Center 1099 e-Filing, powered by Nelco Generate 1099s online in minutes for both property owners and vendors. Generate 1099s online in minutes for both property owners and vendors. $50 per batch + $4.50 per form Showings Coordinator, powered by Tenant Turner Automate scheduling, follow-ups, and prospective tenant management. Automate scheduling, follow-ups, and prospective tenant management. $25 set-up fee in Essentials plan Set-up fee waived for Growth and Premium plan. Starts at $41 per month varies based on unit tier Property Inspections, powered by HappyCo Perform inspections in the field and sync all your data in one simple step. Essential $99 setup fee. $40-$95 monthly fee. Growth All fees Included. *After 3 years, $0.40 per unit. Premium All fees included. eSignature, powered by Dropbox Sign Collect eSignatures for every lease and addendum. Residents can sign from the device of their choice. Essential $5 per document Growth $1 per document Premium Unlimited - All fees included Retail Cash Payments, powered by PayNearMe Residents can easily make cash rent payments at over 20,000 trusted locations nationwide. Remote Check Printing, powered by RevSpring Save time printing and mailing vendor and owner checks for you. Save time by having Buildium print and mail vendor and owner checks for you. $30 setup fee $1.50 per check EZMail, powered by RevSpring No more stamps, envelopes, or trips to the post office — let us print and mail your resident and owner documents for you. All Property Management, A Buildium company Receive leads for property owners and board members seeking property management services in your designated market area. Receive up to $500 worth of free leads*** ***Eligibility for the $500 All Property Management lead credit is contingent on the purchase of your first All Property Management lead. Such credit will be applied within 30 days of the lead purchase and will thereafter be available to use immediately toward the purchase of additional All Property Management leads. Frequently Asked Questions What do I get with the free 14-day trial? When you sign up for a free 14-day trial you’ll be able to use sample data to see how Buildium handles your real-world tasks. It takes just 30 seconds. No credit card required. You can convert to any of the plans, Essential, Growth, or Premium, from the same trial. Can I switch to a different plan? Yes, you can switch to a new plan by going to the Account and Billing page in your account. On this page you’ll find your current subscription plan and can upgrade your plan. Do you have pricing available for over 5,000 units or community associations? Yes! If you have more than 5,000 units or are looking for pricing for community associations please call 877-396-7876. What support is available to Buildium customers? All Buildium customers have access to Ticket Support, as well as self-guided, on-demand training and education through Buildium Academy. Live Phone Support is provided for customers who purchase a Growth or Premium plan. Priority Support, designed to offer a fast track queue to our Customer Care team, is available for purchase with our Growth plan, but it is included as part of our Premium plan. Why is Onboarding required with some plans? All new Buildium customers purchasing our Growth or Premium plan must use our customized Onboarding service to get started with Buildium. We will import your existing data into our system and build a training plan to meet your unique business needs. ©2026 Buildium, A RealPage Company ® . All rights reserved. | Website Terms | Privacy Policy | Subscriber Center | Cookie Settings | DMCA Notice Facebook LinkedIn Instagram Twitter