Gusto Pricing, Plans & Fees (2026) | How Much Does Gusto Cost? Simple, transparent pricing Payroll, benefits, and HR all in one place. No hidden fees. Cancel any time. Pay My Team Pay Myself contractor only For contractor-only businesses who haven&#x27;t hired W-2 employees yet. $35 $0 /mo + $6 /mo per person Get started Top features: Domestic contractor payments 4 day pay Form 1099 creation and filings simple For small businesses needing single-state payroll, reports and basic support. $49 /mo + $6 /mo per person Get started Popular features Single-state payroll Unlimited payrolls per month Tax filings and payments Basic PTO policies and holiday pay BEST VALUE plus For businesses needing advanced payroll, benefits, HR and time & attendance tracking. $80 /mo + $12 /mo per person Get started Popular features Multi-state payroll Next-day pay Time Tracking premium For scaling businesses needing full-service payroll, benefits, and HR with dedicated support. $180 /mo + $22 /mo per person Get started Popular features Dedicated Service Advisor Access to certified HR experts Performance & compensation management Custom reports Priority support Payroll migration and account setup Compare plans & features contractor only For contractor-only businesses who haven&#x27;t hired W-2 employees yet. LIMITED TIME OFFER 1 $35 $0/mo plus $6/mo per person Top features: Domestic contractor payments 4 day pay Form 1099 creation and filings Does not include: Back-up withholding or other contractor withholding required by state agencies Plan adds-ons (aside from global contractor payments) Get started See plan details Need to pay yourself compliantly as an S corp? Pay yourself and get tax-saving solutions. See Gusto Solo plan Need to pay yourself compliantly as an S corp? Pay yourself and get tax-saving solutions. See Gusto Solo plan We're here to help. Talk to our team Tell us more about your business so we can help you pick the right plan. Contact us Check out our FAQs Jump to the bottom of the page to read some common questions and answers. Go to FAQs #1 Most Innovative Company in HR FastCompany | 2025 4.6 star average Capterra | 4,137 reviews Best HR and payroll software business.com | 2025 4.6 star average Software Advice | 4,137 reviews Customize your Gusto plan with powerful add-ons. Offer more meaningful benefits to your team, add powerful time-saving tools, and uncover valuable tax credits. See pricing details below. Payroll Global contractor payments Manage payments to contractors in more than 120 countries, with no monthly per-contractor fee. Foreign exchange rates may vary $5 per payment to US-based bank accounts State tax registration We'll handle the state and local paperwork when you need to file payroll taxes in a new state. Pricing varies by state R&D tax credits Simple pricing, powerful tax credits. Scan your payroll data to save up to $250,000 in annual payroll tax offsets. Pay 15% of identified tax credits Discounts available with Premium Plan Next-Day pay Running payroll the day before your employees need to be paid. $15/mo + 3/mo per person Available with Simple plan Instant pay Hang on to your cash for as long as possible and still pay your team on time. Run payroll 24/7/365 with Instant pay and pay your team in minutes. $100 per payroll Available with all plans Same-day pay Keep your cash longer and still pay your team on time. Run payroll with same-day pay and pay your team within hours. $90 per payroll Available with all plans Time & Attendance Plus Plan and manage your team's time with time tracking synced to payroll, project tracking, time off, scheduling and more. Try it free, then $6/mo per person Available with Simple plan HR tools Priority Support Gain prioritized positioning in access to phone and chat support for faster response time $30/mo + $3/mo per person Available with Simple and Plus plans HR Resources Access to certified HR experts, HR resource center, federal and state compliance alerts. $50/mo + $5/mo per person Available with Simple and Plus plans Performance Performance reviews, real-time feedback, goal tracking, employee surveys. $3/mo per person Available with Simple plan Health benefits Health insurance Work with our licensed brokers to pick the right medical, dental, and vision plans for your team and budget. Pay only for premiums No Gusto administration fees Health insurance broker integration In most cases, we can integrate your existing broker and eligible health insurance plans right into Gusto. $6/mo per eligible employee Workers' compensation Set up pay-as-you-go workers' comp plans that integrate with your payroll. Starting at $14/mo Life and disability Offer life, short-term disability, or long-term disability insurance to give employees peace of mind. Pay only for premiums No administration fees Money management Gusto Money Plus A modern way to manage and organize your business money. Access discounted transaction fees and workflow tools that give you more control. Learn more. $19/mo Available on all plans Tax-advantaged benefits One $200 annual service charge covers all four account types. Health savings accounts (HSAs) Pre-tax savings accounts for qualified health expenses. $2.50/mo per participant No minimum Flexible spending accounts (FSAs) Pre-tax flexible spending accounts for qualified health expenses. $4/mo per participant $20/mo minimum Dependent care FSAs Pre-tax flexible spending accounts for qualified dependent care expenses. $4/mo per participant $20/mo minimum Commuter benefits Pre-tax spending accounts for commuting costs. $4/mo per participant $20/mo minimum 401(k) Empower your team to save for the future with a 401(k) that works seamlessly with payroll—simple to set up, easy to manage. Pricing varies by 401(k) integration Add-on features (except global contractor payments) not available with Contractor Only plan; Premium plan customers may receive discounts and waived fees for R&D tax services, broker integration, and more. What to consider when choosing a payroll provider. Does this work for teams my size? Gusto was built for all kinds of teams. Some services are perfect for big corporations but overlook the needs of small businesses. That's why a flexible payroll and benefits provider is so important. Whether you have a handful of employees or your company is quickly expanding into new states, Gusto's platform offers flexible plans that cover everything from the basics to expert tools for fast-growing teams. Plus, you can easily upgrade or downgrade at any time. What&#x27;s included in pricing? We believe the most essential tools should be included—that's why we don't charge extra for basic things like off-cycle payrolls. With Gusto, you can pick the best plan for you, then customize it with add-ons to get the powerful functionality you want while saving money on features you don't need. Is it easy to switch? Transferring your payroll data to a new provider can be daunting and tedious. With Gusto, you have someone to explain the process and help you through any tricky twists and turns. And if you have a larger team, we can often handle payroll data transfers on your behalf to help avoid errors and save you time. The same goes for your health benefits — we're happy to transfer eligible plans right into Gusto so you can keep everything in the same place, all automatically synced with payroll. Will this grow with my business? Think about how much your team might grow in the coming years. You'll want a payroll provider who can continue to serve your needs without making you jump through hoops or pay exorbitant additional costs. Gusto is a strong choice for small and medium sized companies with big aspirations. We understand your unique needs today and are committed to helping your team grow and thrive for years to come. Pricing FAQs Can I upgrade or downgrade at any time? Yes, of course! Gusto was built to grow and evolve with your business. Whether you decide you need new features, or aren't using the ones you have, upgrading your plan will kick in immediately, and downgrades will go into effect at the beginning of the next billing period (the first of the month). Do I have to sign a long-term contract? Nope. Gusto is month-to-month. Cancel anytime. How many times can I run payroll per month? Every Gusto plan comes with unlimited payroll runs. We'll never charge you extra for things like off-cycle payrolls. How much does health insurance administration through Gusto cost? With Gusto as your broker, health insurance administration comes at no extra cost. You'll only pay the cost of the insurance premium. Need a quote? We have licensed advisors who can walk you through the process. Want to keep your broker? For only $6/month per eligible employee, your broker can manage your plans right in Gusto. And Premium plan customers can integrate their health insurance broker for free. What if my number of employees changes throughout the year? With Gusto, you're only charged for active employees. As you add new team members, your monthly price will increase. How do you bill for contractors? U.S. contractors are billed at the per-person cost for any plan you select. We know you might not pay your contractors on a regular schedule, so we only bill you for contractors in months when you've paid them. For businesses who don't have any W-2 employees, we also have a Contractor Only plan available for $35/mo + $6/mo per contractor. When you pay global contractors, there is no monthly per-contractor fee. Gusto charges only a small service and foreign exchange fee for each payment. How do I sign up for Gusto? We're happy to help whether you need to set up your first payroll as a new business (congrats!) or transfer an existing payroll from another provider (good choice). Click here to answer a few questions and get started. If you are moving an existing payroll, you're going to want to have your EIN, and your team's addresses and salaries ready. Plus, if it's the middle of the year, gather any documentation about the payroll taxes you've already filed. What tax forms will Gusto file for me? We file federal, state, and local payroll tax forms on your company's behalf (things like Form W-2, Form 1099, Form 940, Form 941, Form 8974, and others). What's extra nice is that you can e-file, e-sign, e-fax, and e-store your documents right from your Gusto account. Easy! Does Gusto integrate with other software? We know it's hard to give up the software you love. That's why Gusto integrates with your favorite tools. We work with accounting programs like QuickBooks, Xero, Aplos, ZipBooks, Autobooks, and FreshBooks, plus other types of software like Expensify, Hubstaff, Clover, Homebase and more. Check out all of our integrations Where can I find Gusto pricing for accountants? Being a Gusto accounting or bookkeeping partner comes with a ton of benefits — dedicated support, free payroll for your firm, people advisory training, increased revenue share, and perks to pass along to your clients. Check out our Gusto for Partners page or email [email&#160;protected] to learn more. My business works with cannabis — can I use Gusto? Yes. Gusto supports cannabis-related businesses (CRBs) across our Simple, Plus, and Premium payroll plans. Because CRBs operate under additional banking and regulatory oversight, some plans require a CRB compliance add-on to support the extra monitoring, reporting, and operational work involved in running payroll for this industry. Click here for more info. What level of support can I expect with my plan? There are three types of support at Gusto: Basic Support: 24/7 access to Gusto's online Help Center Call or chat with our support team during our business hours Priority Support: Gain prioritized positioning in access to phone and chat support for faster response time Dedicated Service Advisor: Get a dedicated advisor for personalized Gusto support, maximizing your business growth and success For the Simple plan: You get Basic Support, and you can purchase the Priority Support add-on for $30/mo + $3/mo per person For the Plus plan: You get Basic Support, and you can purchase the two-in-one add-on (Priority Support and HR Resources) at $8/mo per person For the Premium plan: You get Priority Support and a Dedicated Service Advisor Where can I find more answers? If you're shopping around, we recommend exploring our site a bit — you'll find information about payroll , benefits , time tools , and more. Plus, our Help Center has lots of help information, especially for existing customers. If you need to get in touch with our team, check out our contact page . Explore more Gusto offerings Online payroll services Payroll with benefits and HR Secure payroll services Payroll by business size eFile -1099 online Payroll time tools HR solutions Talent management Hiring and Onboarding Remote teams Insights and reporting Applicant tracking system Employee Benefits Health Insurance Benefits Financial Benefits 401(k) and retirement plans Trusted by more than 500,000 businesses and their teams. Create account 1 Contractor-only plan : Get a discounted base price of $0/mo for the first 6 months. Terms apply