Pricing Plans | Xero US Get 80% off your plan for your first 3 months* Established Usually $ 90 Now $ 18 USD per month Save $216 over 3 months Future proof your scaling business - with advanced tools and analytics. Features Included Sends quotes and invoices Included Accept online invoice payments^ Included Enter bills Included Make online bill payments†† Included Auto-reconcile bank transactions (Beta) Included Capture bills and receipts Included View real-time reports Included W-9 + 1099 management Included Sales tax Included Visualize performance with graphs Included 180 day cash flow forecast Included Customize performance with dashboards Included Tailored financial health scorecards Included Analyze KPIs and ratios Included Use multiple currencies Included Track projects Included Claim expenses Optional add-ons Inventory Plus (first month free, then $39 per month) Included Sends quotes and invoices Included Accept online invoice payments^ Included Enter bills Included Make online bill payments†† Included Auto-reconcile bank transactions (Beta) Included Capture bills and receipts Included View real-time reports Included W-9 + 1099 management Included Sales tax Included Visualize performance with graphs Included 180 day cash flow forecast Included Customize performance with dashboards Included Tailored financial health scorecards Included Analyze KPIs and ratios Included Use multiple currencies Included Track projects Included Claim expenses Optional add-ons Inventory Plus (first month free, then $39 per month) Get one month free Buy now Learn more Growing Usually $ 55 Now $ 11 USD per month Save $132 over 3 months Go beyond the basics - automate tasks and access performance dashboards. Features Included Sends quotes and invoices Included Accept online invoice payments^ Included Enter bills Included Make online bill payments†† Included Auto-reconcile bank transactions (Beta) Included Capture bills and receipts Included View real-time reports Included W-9 + 1099 management Included Sales tax Included Visualize performance with graphs Included 60 day cash flow forecast Included Customize performance dashboards Included Tailored financial health scorecards Optional add-ons Inventory Plus (first month free, then $39 per month) Included Sends quotes and invoices Included Accept online invoice payments^ Included Enter bills Included Make online bill payments†† Included Auto-reconcile bank transactions (Beta) Included Capture bills and receipts Included View real-time reports Included W-9 + 1099 management Included Sales tax Included Visualize performance with graphs Included 60 day cash flow forecast Included Customize performance dashboards Included Tailored financial health scorecards Optional add-ons Inventory Plus (first month free, then $39 per month) Get one month free Buy now Learn more Early Usually $ 25 Now $ 5 USD per month Save $60 over 3 months An easy financial foundation - track cash flow with the essentials. Features Included Send quotes and up to 20 invoices† Included Accept online invoice payments^ Included Enter up to 5 bills Included Make online bill payments†† Included Reconcile bank transactions Included Capture bills and receipts Included View real-time reports Included W-9 + 1099 management Included Sales tax Included Basic financial performance visualisation Included 30 day cash flow forecast Included Send quotes and up to 20 invoices† Included Accept online invoice payments^ Included Enter up to 5 bills Included Make online bill payments†† Included Reconcile bank transactions Included Capture bills and receipts Included View real-time reports Included W-9 + 1099 management Included Sales tax Included Basic financial performance visualisation Included 30 day cash flow forecast Get one month free Buy now Learn more Get 80% off your plan for your first 3 months* Buy now Get one month free Forecast with clarity Forecast with clarity Early Usually $ 25 Now $ 5 USD per month Save $60 over 3 months An easy financial foundation - track cash flow with the essentials. Buy now Learn more Growing Usually $ 55 Now $ 11 USD per month Save $132 over 3 months Go beyond the basics - automate tasks and access performance dashboards. Buy now Learn more Established Usually $ 90 Now $ 18 USD per month Save $216 over 3 months Future proof your scaling business - with advanced tools and analytics. Buy now Learn more Send invoices and quotes Send quotes and 20 invoices† Included Included Accept online invoice payments^ Included Included Included Automate bill entry and track bills Enter 5 bills Excluded Excluded Reconcile bank transactions Included Auto-reconcile Beta Auto-reconcile Beta Capture bills and receipts with Hubdoc Included Included Included View real-time reports Included Included Included W-9 + 1099 management Included Included Included Sales tax Included Included Included Visualize performance with graphs Basic Included Included Forecast cash flow 30 day forecast 60 day forecast 180 day forecast Make online bill payments†† Optional †† Payment fees apply Optional †† Payment fees apply Optional †† Payment fees apply Customize performance dashboards Excluded Included Included Tailored financial health scorecards Excluded Included Included Analyze KPIs and ratios Excluded Excluded Included Enter bills Excluded Included Included Use multiple currencies Excluded Excluded Included Track projects Excluded Excluded Included Claim expenses Excluded Excluded Included New Benchmark against the industry Excluded Excluded Included Inventory Plus Excluded Optional Your first month free Optional Your first month free Pricing plan details and offer terms Xero reserves the right to change pricing at any time. All prices are listed in USD and do not include applicable taxes. Taxes will be calculated based on your billing address before you enter your payment information. Your monthly recurring total will be updated accordingly in the following steps. Xero subscriptions auto-renew monthly until they are cancelled. If you later decide to change to a less expensive plan you can do so 1 month after upgrading. *This offer of 80% off Xero’s then-current regular price for the first 3 months is only available to new customers in the US purchasing their first organization on xero.com. Offer available using code DC8032614GL at checkout. Discount applies to base Early, Growing, Established plan subscriptions and does not apply to any additional charges for add‑ons, usage and payment fees, unless otherwise specified. After the first 3 months, Xero’s then-current regular price will apply and auto-renew monthly until cancelled. This offer cannot be used with, or exchanged for, any other offer. Xero can change or cancel this offer at any time. †Invoice limits for the Early plan apply to both approving and sending invoices. Transactions initiated by app partners may automatically contribute to your invoice limit. ^Payment fees apply to the use of online invoice payments. See here for more information. **Median payment times of invoices with a payment service included and sent via SMS by customers using Xero in US from 9/1/2024 to 3/31/2025 (compared to invoices sent by email and without payment service included). a. ††Payment fees apply to the use of online bill payments. The payment fees are in addition to your Xero monthly subscription amount, and are subject to change. All fees are in US dollars and exclude applicable taxes unless otherwise specified. See here for more information. b. ^Payment fees apply to the use of online invoice payments. See here for more information. See our terms of use for details Hubdoc terms of use Xero reserves the right to change pricing at any time. All prices are listed in USD and do not include applicable taxes. Taxes will be calculated based on your billing address before you enter your payment information. Your monthly recurring total will be updated accordingly in the following steps. Xero subscriptions auto-renew monthly until they are cancelled. If you later decide to change to a less expensive plan you can do so 1 month after upgrading. *This offer of 80% off Xero’s then-current regular price for the first 3 months is only available to new customers in the US purchasing their first organization on xero.com. Offer available using code DC8032614GL at checkout. Discount applies to base Early, Growing, Established plan subscriptions and does not apply to any additional charges for add‑ons, usage and payment fees, unless otherwise specified. After the first 3 months, Xero’s then-current regular price will apply and auto-renew monthly until cancelled. This offer cannot be used with, or exchanged for, any other offer. Xero can change or cancel this offer at any time. †Invoice limits for the Early plan apply to both approving and sending invoices. Transactions initiated by app partners may automatically contribute to your invoice limit. ^Payment fees apply to the use of online invoice payments. See here for more information. **Median payment times of invoices with a payment service included and sent via SMS by customers using Xero in US from 9/1/2024 to 3/31/2025 (compared to invoices sent by email and without payment service included). a. ††Payment fees apply to the use of online bill payments. The payment fees are in addition to your Xero monthly subscription amount, and are subject to change. All fees are in US dollars and exclude applicable taxes unless otherwise specified. See here for more information. b. ^Payment fees apply to the use of online invoice payments. See here for more information. See our terms of use for details Hubdoc terms of use Why choose Xero vs QuickBooks? Xero&#x27;s user friendly layout, collaborative features and US-based team make it the ideal Quickbooks alternative to switch to. Compare Xero vs. QuickBooks . 1 Tap to pay, mobile payments your way Accept payments on the go with tap-to-pay functionality on both Android and iPhone - a feature QuickBooks can’t match. 2 Powerful business insights Get visually rich, easy-to-understand analytics with Syft - available on all Xero plans to help make smarter decisions. 3 Free personalized onboarding support Kickstart your Xero journey with free, personalized onboarding from a Xero Coach for your first 90 days. Gusto payroll plays nice with Xero Use Gusto payroll to calculate pay and deductions, pay employees, simplify compliance, and update the Xero accounts. Learn more about Gusto Zero setup stress, free onboarding with a Xero Coach. Sign up and get access to a real human who’ll help you set up Xero, connect your bank feeds, and turn your cash-flow and analytics dashboards into a clear view of your whole business. Learn more about Xero coaches Frequently asked questions How does the one month free work? Purchase any Xero plan and your first month will be free. Your free month begins once you finalize your business and set up in Xero. You will receive a reminder 7 days before your free month ends and then you will be charged for your second month and onwards. Xero subscriptions auto-renew monthly until they are cancelled. Get Xero one month for free Purchase any Xero plan and your first month will be free. Your free month begins once you finalize your business and set up in Xero. You will receive a reminder 7 days before your free month ends and then you will be charged for your second month and onwards. Xero subscriptions auto-renew monthly until they are cancelled. Get Xero one month for free Can I pay the subscription annually? You&#x27;ll receive your invoice at the end of your monthly billing period. Payment will be taken on the date shown on your invoice using the payment details entered when you purchased your subscription.If you’ve incurred usage charges for Xero Payroll, Xero Projects or Xero Expenses – or you have a chargeable direct bank feed – these charges will be invoiced for the previous month. You&#x27;ll receive your invoice at the end of your monthly billing period. Payment will be taken on the date shown on your invoice using the payment details entered when you purchased your subscription.If you’ve incurred usage charges for Xero Payroll, Xero Projects or Xero Expenses – or you have a chargeable direct bank feed – these charges will be invoiced for the previous month. Will my data be safe and private? We&#x27;re committed to the security of your data and provide multiple layers of protection for the personal and financial information you trust to Xero. Find out more about Xero’s commitments to data protection and data security. Read our privacy notice for more information We&#x27;re committed to the security of your data and provide multiple layers of protection for the personal and financial information you trust to Xero. Find out more about Xero’s commitments to data protection and data security. Read our privacy notice for more information How can a Xero coach help me? Book a free call with a Xero Coach to help you connect your bank, set up invoices and bills, and turn the analytics dashboard into a live pulse check on your whole business. Book a free call with a Xero Coach to help you connect your bank, set up invoices and bills, and turn the analytics dashboard into a live pulse check on your whole business. Xero subscriptions auto-renew monthly until they are cancelled.