Pricing - Property Meld Skip to content Pricing to fit your operational needs Property Meld Core Property Meld offers powerful tools built for smaller operators ready to modernize their maintenance operations and deliver a better experience to residents and investors. $1.60 /unit Learn More Property Meld Ops Most Popular Property Meld’s Ops plan is built for operators who want to go beyond day-to-day efficiency and drive strategic growth, leveraged by data-driven perfect decisions. $2.00 /unit Learn More MAX™ On-Call Add On MAX™ On-Call integrates directly with Property Meld, triaging every call with 99.94% accuracy while reducing after-hours costs, burnout, and staffing needs. $1.50 /unit Learn More [table id=2 /] Monthly Pricing CORE $1.60 / unit OPS $2.00 / unit Repairs & Maintenance Single-sign on resident portal Conversational MAX™ repair intake, diagnosis, and remediation Emergency screening and flagging Creation of service issue with diagnosis, transcription, and documentation Cost Projections of repair costs as soon as they are received MAX™ On-Call intake and triage add-on Unlike standalone call center solutions, MAX™ On-Call is built directly into Property Meld so every call, no matter the time of day, is triaged with 99.94% accuracy and waiting in your Meld account with full documentation. Designed to eliminate after-hours labor costs, reduce employee burnout, and deliver a better resident experience without adding headcount. Residents get immediate answers on every call with AI-powered intake that diagnoses and documents in real time True emergencies reach the right person instantly. MAX identifies urgency and routes automatically Every call becomes a documented, triaged Meld with zero manual data entry When residents call for an update, MAX answers, provides status, and gets management involved via Meld chat if needed Every call gets answered in any language, around the clock. Built-in uptime redundancy means your residents are always covered Coordinator Efficiency World-Class Communication Suite 8 languages, automatic &#8220;tone check&#8221; Automated status updates including scheduling & completion updates Configure dashboard visibility that aligns with maintenance processes Comprehensive investor approval capture & documentation Robust workflow engine to hard-code maintenance processes into automations Insights on overall maintenance operations health Perfect Decision Lease renewal risk flagging at dispatch to head of lease churn Suggested techs/vendor based on lead times, satisfaction, and quality Technician Efficiency Coordinator scheduler & logistics planner for technicians Technician Mobile App (native & consumer grade) Calendar and day management &#8220;Go to&#8221; navigation for techs to navigate them to the next job Intelligent time and materials capture (includes receipt management) Seamless messaging with key parties, and auto-documentation Perfect Decision Technician scheduling recommendations based on renewals, time, and cost Insights Pro Technician performance & efficiency metrics Technician performance national & market benchmarking Vendor Efficiency World-Class Communication Suite Texting, email, in-app Responsive interface for desktop, tablet, or phone without requiring download Lightning fast automated scheduling Simple estimation tool Multi-thread invoice capture Create, upload, or Quickbooks integration Vendor sourcing and procurement through Vendor Nexus Perfect Decision Vendor dispatch suggestions based on repair lead time, effectiveness, and satisfaction Insights Pro Vendor performance & efficiency metrics Vendor performance national & market benchmarking Bidding & Estimating Multi-estimate management Investor approval flow (single or multiple estimates) Cost Projections to compare estimates (coming soon) Accounting & Invoicing Efficiency Simplistic bill creation that congregates all hours, parts, and materials Automated GL mapping to ensure costs consistently map to your accounting platform Set billable rates to ensure accurate billing for work performed White-labeled bills configurable for multiple entities Margin analysis for billing Market rate comparison for comparable work Preventative Maintenance / Inspections PropertyCare+ program building for investor opt-in Recurring repair configuration for high and low frequency repetitive work Inspection scheduling Inspection integration with popular platforms Turns & Renovations Project coordination for turnovers, rehabs, and mitigations Cost and time conglomeration for projects Intelligent spotlight for "what's next" in every project Miscellaneous API access for customer-built agent interactions Let's get started Pricing CORE $1.60 per unit/mo OPS $2.00 per unit/mo Repairs & Maintenance Single-Sign On Resident Portal Conversational MAX™ Repair Intake, Diagnosis, and Remediation Emergency Screening and Flagging Creation of Service Issue with Diagnosis, Transcription, and Documentation Ops only Cost Projections of Repair Costs as Soon as They Are Received MAX™ On-Call Intake and Triage Add-On Unlike standalone call center solutions, MAX™ On-Call is built directly into Property Meld so every call, no matter the time of day, is triaged with 99.94% accuracy and waiting in your Meld account with full documentation. Designed to eliminate after-hours labor costs, reduce employee burnout, and deliver a better resident experience without adding headcount. Residents get immediate answers on every call with AI-powered intake that diagnoses and documents in real time True emergencies reach the right person instantly. MAX identifies urgency and routes automatically Every call becomes a documented, triaged Meld with zero manual data entry When residents call for an update, MAX answers, provides status, and gets management involved via Meld chat if needed Every call gets answered in any language, around the clock. Built-in uptime redundancy means your residents are always covered Coordinator Efficiency World-Class Communication Suite 8 languages, automatic &#8220;tone check&#8221; Automated status updates including scheduling & completion updates Configure dashboard visibility that aligns with maintenance processes Comprehensive investor approval capture & documentation Robust workflow engine to hard-code maintenance processes into automations Insights on overall maintenance operations health Ops only Perfect Decision Lease renewal risk flagging at dispatch to head of lease churn Suggested techs/vendor based on lead times, satisfaction, and quality Technician Efficiency Coordinator scheduler & logistics planner for technicians Technician Mobile App (native & consumer grade) Calendar and day management &#8220;Go to&#8221; navigation for techs to navigate them to the next job Intelligent time and materials capture (includes receipt management) Seamless messaging with key parties, and auto-documentation Ops only Perfect Decision Technician scheduling recommendations based on renewals, time, and cost Ops only Insights Pro Technician performance & efficiency metrics Technician performance national & market benchmarking Vendor Efficiency World-Class Communication Suite Texting, email, in-app Responsive interface for desktop, tablet, or phone without requiring download Lightning fast automated scheduling Simple estimation tool Multi-thread invoice capture Create, upload, or Quickbooks integration Vendor sourcing and procurement through Vendor Nexus Ops only Perfect Decision Vendor dispatch suggestions based on repair lead time, effectiveness, and satisfaction Ops only Insights Pro Vendor performance & efficiency metrics Vendor performance national & market benchmarking Bidding & Estimating Multi-estimate management Investor approval flow (single or multiple estimates) Ops only Cost Projections to compare estimates (coming soon) Accounting & Invoicing Efficiency Simplistic bill creation that congregates all hours, parts, and materials Automated GL mapping to ensure costs consistently map to your accounting platform Set billable rates to ensure accurate billing for work performed White-labeled bills configurable for multiple entities Ops only Margin analysis for billing Ops only Market rate comparison for comparable work Preventative Maintenance / Inspections PropertyCare+ program building for investor opt-in Recurring repair configuration for high and low frequency repetitive work Inspection scheduling Inspection integration with popular platforms Turns & Renovations Project coordination for turnovers, rehabs, and mitigations Cost and time conglomeration for projects Intelligent spotlight for "what's next" in every project Miscellaneous Ops only API access for customer-built agent interactions Let's get started Enhanced Intake & Triage Achieve 99.94% accuracy in work order descriptions with the help of MAX™. MAX coaches residents to provide relevant details and context to make one-trip resolutions a reality. Track & Manage Work Orders Like a pizza tracker for work orders, Property Meld keeps operators in the loop from submission to follow-up. No more lost work orders. Chat with Stakeholders We understand accountability and communication is critical between all key players. Keep everyone in the loop from right inside the platform. Ops Smart Assignment with Scheduler IQ Make scheduling and assignment decisions with ease with smart recommendations based on proximity, reviews, and cost efficiency. Improve Productivity of Techs & Vendors Gain complete oversight into the performance of your internal team and internal vendors to see how everyone’s performing. Connect with Service Providers in your Area Need additional maintenance workers? Connect with vetted professionals in your area trained on Property Meld so delays are a thing of the past. Automation of Mundane Tasks Eliminate menial tasks bogging down your team. Automate and enforce operating procedures with customizable automations built to boost efficiency. Ops Real-Time Insights Gain insight into cycle times, average invoice costs, the efficiency of individual technicians and much more. Property Meld boasts the most robust maintenance data platform on the market. Best-in-class Maintenance Financial Tracking Our Estimates tool makes it easier to manage repair estimates with faster access to key info, simplified detail views, and customizable markups. Property Meld Pricing: Frequently Asked Questions How simple is the onboarding process? Our goal is to prove to you that implementing new technology doesn’t have to be difficult! We have intentionally designed the onboarding process to keep your team excited about solving maintenance headaches. We work to ensure your company’s success by providing training, resources, and lightning-fast support, resulting in seamless adoption for all users. How easy is it to use? Our user-friendly web-based software features a simple interface for all parties involved. 85% of maintenance requests are scheduled in 4 minutes or less between residents and vendors that use Property Meld. How responsive is customer support? Our support and success teams respond in record speed — 8 seconds or less. We’re there for you when you need us. Is there a minimum door count needed to use Property Meld? Property Meld works best with management companies overseeing 100+ doors. If you're under 100 doors, our team will reach out to assess the effectiveness of our solution. *Property Meld pricing: $160/month minimum. Property Meld reserves the right to audit your use of features for the purpose of limiting use to the appropriate level. We use cookies to make your experience on our website better. Manage settings . Close GDPR Cookie Banner Got It Close GDPR Cookie Banner Book a Demo Search Search Facebook Twitter Youtube Search Search Login Residents Our Software Software Overview Communication Scheduling Oversight & Data MAX™ Intelligence TrueCost Solutions Efficiency & Productivity Oversight & Visibility Reputation & Retention Vendor Nexus Markets Single-Family Multi-Family HOA Student Housing Why Meld Customer Stories Ladder of Maintenance Excellence Advocacy Program Integration Partners Resources Blog FAQ The Maintenance Minute Monthly Benchmark Report Help & Support Meld Academy Club Meld MX Summit Our Software Software Overview Communication Scheduling Oversight & Data MAX™ Intelligence Solutions Efficiency & Productivity Oversight & Visibility Reputation & Retention Vendor Nexus Markets Single-Family Multi-Family HOA Student Housing Why Meld Customer Stories Ladder of Maintenance Excellence Advocacy Program Integration Partners Resources Blog FAQ The Maintenance Minute Monthly Benchmark Report Help & Support Meld Academy Club Meld MX Summit Linkedin X-twitter Facebook Close GDPR Cookie Settings Privacy Overview Strictly Necessary Cookies 3rd Party Cookies Powered by GDPR Cookie Compliance Privacy Overview This website uses cookies so that we can provide you with the best user experience possible. Cookie information is stored in your browser and performs functions such as recognising you when you return to our website and helping our team to understand which sections of the website you find most interesting and useful. Strictly Necessary Cookies Strictly Necessary Cookie should be enabled at all times so that we can save your preferences for cookie settings. Enable or Disable Cookies Enabled Disabled 3rd Party Cookies This website uses Google Analytics to collect anonymous information such as the number of visitors to the site, and the most popular pages. Keeping this cookie enabled helps us to improve our website. Enable or Disable Cookies Enabled Disabled Enable All Save Settings