Pricing | Property Management Software Portfolios Why DoorLoop Resources Pricing Login Contact Us Sales: +1-888-607-3667 Book a Free Demo Login Contact Sales: +1-888-607-3667 Book a Free Demo Thank you! Your submission has been received! Oops! Something went wrong while submitting the form. Close Book a Free Demo Schedule a demo in 36 seconds. Thank you! Your submission has been received! Oops! Something went wrong while submitting the form. Too many requests. Please try again later. Please submit a valid email. As seen on Limited time: Get $50 when you book a DoorLoop demo See how DoorLoop helps you save time, reduce manual work, and manage properties smarter - and get $50 for your time. Please try again. Please submit a valid email. Please try again. Welcome Offer Get 30% off DoorLoop for 3 months + ZERO onboarding fees on select plans. Offer ends Thursday, April 30th . --> Offer ends Friday November 07 . Enter number of units = 48"> Monthly Yearly Save up to 25% on Yearly! Managing more than 300 units? Book a Free Demo. Only $3/unit STARTER Max 10 units $ 99 00 $ 69 00 Per month. Billed yearly . Get Started Starter plan includes: Online rent & fee payments Make more money with automated payment collection by credit card, debit card, ACH, Google Pay, Apple Pay, or cash. Tenant portal Give your tenants online access to log in to their dedicated portal and make payments, send work orders, and submit renter’s insurance. Maintenance management Collect all maintenance requests from tenants and manage from one central dashboard. Two-way communication Send and receive SMS text messages easily and securely from a dedicated phone number. Accounting & Reporting Manage your books with a chart of accounts, statements, and reports for each property. Rental applications & screening Find the best tenants for every property by running detailed criminal, credit, and eviction checks with TransUnion. Lease management Track tenant payments and requests with automated reminders, tasks, and more. CashPayments by Western Union Collect and track cash rent payments when tenants pay at a Western Union Quick Collect location. Dashboards Monitor your properties at a glance with key widgets and reports for accounting, leasing, payments, and more. Custom dashboard available on Premium plan. World-class support Get five-star support by email and chat, as well as unlimited access to our Help Center. eSignature Electronically sign any agreement. Additional fees apply. CRM for tenants Centralize all information and documents for every tenant in one place. Only $3/unit PRO Book a Free Demo $ 189 00 $ 149 00 Per month. Billed yearly . Get Started Everything in Starter and: AI Add-On Handle everyday tasks faster with DoorLoop&#x27;s AI Assistant—now with unlimited AI Inspections too. Includes AI Inspections, AI Assistant and more NEW Workflows Set up automations to handle repetitive tasks the same way every time. Advanced accounting and reporting Run full accounts payable and receivable for multiple portfolios, LLCs, and/or business entities Live bank connect Sync and reconcile your bank accounts easily and securely so you can match your bank transactions to your transactions in DoorLoop. Quickbooks online sync Send your income and expense transactions to QuickBooks Online Tenant announcements Send announcements in bulk or communicate with a select number of tenants from the same property by email or text. Advanced maintenance management Manage maintenance requests with real-time tracking, vendor management & payments, and automated workflows. Outgoing payments Send payments to vendors, owners, and tenants, and use 1099s when needed Budgeting Create customizable budgets on properties and portfolios, estimate rental income, and manage cash flow. Email, chat, phone & Zoom support Get world-class support by email, chat, phone, and Zoom, as well as unlimited access to our Help Center. Listings List your vacant units on Zillow, Dwellsy, Trulia, HotPads, and more. User access roles Control what parts of the software each user can view and edit Calendar Central hub to view important events like move-in and move-out dates, as well as all tasks, work orders, and maintenance requests Comprehensive reports Advanced financial management with direct access to all of your data. Only $3/unit PREMIUM Book a Free Demo $ 239 00 $ 209 00 Per month. Billed yearly . Get Started Everything in Pro and: AI Add-On Handle everyday tasks faster with DoorLoop&#x27;s AI Assistant—now with unlimited AI Inspections too. Includes AI Inspections, AI Assistant and more NEW VIP Priority Support Get priority response times from the most advanced members of our customer support team. Free incoming ACH payments No incoming ACH fees when tenants and rent or other payments Free personalized websites Professional website creation and setup at no extra cost to market your business, show off your listings, connect to your tenant portal, and more Zapier Integration Connect DoorLoop with thousands of programs using Zapier.com Free eSignatures Electronically sign unlimited agreements at no additional cost Free business verification setup Add unlimited bank accounts for free. Custom convenience fees Charge convenience fees to tenant payments to generate additional revenue. Unlimited additional users Get an unlimited number of users, including your accountants, leasing professionals, and more Unlimited data storage Save files, leases, photos, and anything else you need without storage limits Advanced customizable dashboards Customize your dashboard with the most helpful widgets and reports API access Integrate with any app using our open API, or use Zapier to connect DoorLoop with thousands of programs. CAM Reconciliation Automatically calculates true-ups, generates tenant statements, and handles pro rata splits. Audit Logs A complete activity log of everything that happens inside the platform. Affordable Housing Reporting Access Section 8 specific reports: HAP Reconciliation, Section 8 Delinquency, etc. Onboarding fee based on portfolio size. Have questions? Call us at +1-888-607-3667 Compare Plans Everything you need. Nothing you don’t. Pick your plan and move forward. See All Plans Compare Plans STARTER Get Started PRO Get Started PREMIUM Get Started AI Assistant Not Available Available as an Add-on Available as an Add-on Not Available Available as an Add-on Available as an Add-on Available as an Add-on Tenant Concierge Our AI Assistant handles 99% of conversations and fully resolves over half of issues before they’re on your desk. AI Chat Assistant The AI Assistant works like an extra set of hands —available 24/7 to answer questions, provide insights, and keep your operations moving. Quick-Fill Finances Save 2 hours weekly uploading invoices or expenses and let AI handle the rows, numbers, and descriptions. Listing Generator Create polished, professional property listings descriptions in seconds — helping you market faster and reduce vacancies. Communication Companion Draft professional tenant messages instantly — no more endless rewrites or delays. Smart Summaries Get instant summaries and insights of financial and operational reports without digging through spreadsheets. AI Inspections Inspect your units in less than half the time with the power of AI. Accounting Accounting & Financials Keep track of your books for each property with their own chart of accounts, statements, and reports per property. Customizable Chart of Accounts Fully customizable chart of accounts. Create any line items you need for your reporting. Real Time Reporting All users can see their reports, including financials, in real time. Financial Statements Reports including balance sheets, owners statements, profit & loss, cash flow statement + more. Export Financial Data All financials can be exported out of DoorLoop at any time. PDF only PDF and Excel PDF and Excel PDF only PDF and Excel PDF and Excel Budgeting Create customizable budgets on properties and portfolios. Bank Sync Create customizable budgets on properties and portfolios. 1099 Forms Generate 1099-NEC and 1099-MISC forms for owners & vendors. Leasing & Marketing Accept Online Applications Custom URL application link per property allows your prospects to apply from anywhere and charge an application fee. Track Payments Automatically track payments made through DoorLoop and manually track payments received outside of DoorLoop. Automated Late Fees See outstanding balances and run unpaid rent reports in real time. Automate Rent Collection Get paid faster and collect more rent by accepting online credit and debit card payments and ACH wire transfers. Renters Insurance Tenants can get a quote/purchase renter&#x27;s insurance straight through the tenant portal via Lemonade or Sure (depending on state). Lease Renewal Wizard Quickly and easily make adjustments to lease terms for lease renewals, and have your lease template autofilled and send for e-signature. Tenant Screening Run detailed criminal, credit, and eviction history reports. Pro plans can markup the costs to their tenants. CashPayments Receive and track cash rent payments without handling the cash via Western Union Quick Collect® eSignature Electronically sign any agreement. $3 per Document $1 per Document Free $3 per Document $1 per Document Free Listing on Most Popular Platforms List your vacant units on Zillow, Dwellsy, Trulia, HotPads, and more. Bulk Payments & Credits Manually track payments made outside the software in bulk, and post credits to tenants in bulk as well. eSignature Templates Upload lease agreements, management agreements, vendor contracts, and more and have the templatized to automatically be filled out with the data you have already entered in Doorloop. Workflows Set up automations to handle repetitive tasks the same way every time. Product & Support Custom Login Page Ability to customize portions of your DoorLoop & tenant portal url links. Text Messages Alerts Notify tenants through text messages. Push Notifications Send a notification to your mobile device, just like any other app on your phone. Communication Records Have a communications log that displays all communication with tenants, which is also exportable. Document Storage Save files, documents, leases, pictures, and anything you like. 50MB/Unit 5GB/Unit Unlimited 50MB/Unit 5GB/Unit Unlimited Onboarding & Training Have 1on1 virtual onboarding training sessions to help get your account set up for success. Based on Portfolio Size Based on Portfolio Size Based on Portfolio Size Based on Portfolio Size Based on Portfolio Size Based on Portfolio Size Support Chat, Email & scheduled phone or Zoom support with our customer success team. Email & Chat Email, Chat, Phone, Zoom VIP Priority Support Email & Chat Email, Chat, Phone, Zoom VIP Priority Support Portfolio Management Group properties into different portfolio&#x27;s, allowing you to run reports and see your dashboard widgets on a Portfolio level. CAM Charges Automate recurring CAM charges monthly, or post CAM charges in bulk that can be automatically allocated based on sq ft. 5,000+ Integrations Connect with thousands of apps with our Open API. CAM Reconciliation Automatically calculates true-ups, generates tenant statements, and handles pro rata splits. Audit Logs A complete activity log of everything that happens inside the platform. Affordable Housing Reporting Access Section 8 specific reports: HAP Reconciliation, Section 8 Delinquency, etc. Property Management CRM Manage all your rental prospects and lead sources. Track Lease Progress Manage and track your tenant&#x27;s lease renewals and their status of the process. Manage Tenants Requests Receive, update and delegate tenant requests for maintenance and other matters. Manage Vendors Have a detailed list of preferred vendors, where you can link work orders and expenses to. Property Setup Wizard Easily add property and associated units, including sq ft, market rent and assign appropriate ownership percentage Insurance Reporting Easily stay on top of your tenants & vendors insurance policies Eviction Tracking Easily track and prepare for appropriate eviction steps with your tenants. Custom Fields Create custom fields to track anything specific to your properties, units, and business. Calendar Central hub to view important events like move-in and move-out dates, and all tasks, work orders, & tenant requests. Manage Work Orders Create, manage and delegate work orders for your properties. Vendor Portal Set your vendors up on Doorloop as users with limited access to quickly and easily assign them jobs, and even allow them to post updates. Automatic Management Fees Set up your management fees and allow Doorloop to automatically calculate and deduct from your owners distribution. Owners Share Files Securely Share files securely with owners. Financial Reporting Create, edit and customize financial reports such as the balance sheet, general ledger, profit and loss, etc. Owner Distribution Establish and automate distributions to all of the owners within your management company easily. Owner Contribution Manually track all owner contributions and link them to specific properties to update cash balances accordingly. Owner Statements Detailed and summarized Owner Statements, that owners can see in real time. Property Ownership Report Keep track and customize shared ownership of all properties. Owner Portal Give your owners an online login to see all their properties, how much they invested, and their distribution payments. Tenants Tenant Directory Easily access al contact information of your tenants. Tenant Managment Clearly and easily manage your tenants all in one place. Tenant Portal Messaging 2-way communication with tenants specific to their requests through their tenant portal. Tenant Portal Tenants have a professional portal to make payments, upload/purchase rental insurance, send in maintenance requests & receive announcements. Payment Tracking Easily track all charges and credits issued to the tenant from their own portal. Security Automated Backups All data is backed up every 5 minutes across multiple geo-redundant servers. SingleSignOn with Gmail Safely sign in using your Google Account. Data Encryption Manually backup and save a physical copy of your data to your computer in one click. Secure Rent Payments Your rent payments are always secured. DoorLoop can not access any credit card or bank information. Two-Factor Verification Get an email with a one-time code when logging into DoorLoop each time. User Roles Allow a user to view parts of the software you allow. Block access to financial reports for example. Close Plans Do everything on one easy-to-use, secure, and reliable software All the features to help you grow Accounting Leasing Resident Experience Operations Rent Collection AI Assistant Book a Free Demo Built with you, your business, and your customers in mind Get paid faster, keep track of everything, and build great tenant relationships Offer your tenants the best services (at no extra cost to you). Tenant Screening Use criminal, eviction & credit reports to get the best tenants. Rent collection Get paid in full and on autopilot by credit card, ACH, or cash. Renters Insurance Offer renters insurance to protect your business. #1 Highest Rated on Capterra 4.9/5 Support Score Over 1,000+ 5 Star Reviews Your Questions Answered About Pricing Data What is DoorLoop and whom is it for? What properties can I manage? Who&#x27;s DoorLoop for? What are the most popular features? We are not computer savvy. Is it easy to use? Can I use DoorLoop from my phone? What is the process to get started? I have more questions What are your prices? Which pricing plan is best for me? How will monthly billing work? How will annual billing work? What are the value-add differences per plan? Are there any contracts? Why is your price so low? Who funds online rent, screening, eSign services? How much money am I losing by not using DoorLoop? Can I migrate my data to DoorLoop? Is my data backed up and protected? Are my payments and data encrypted? Do I need servers to run DoorLoop? Can I block parts of the software from my team? Do you do background checks on your employees? Do you have a bug bounty program? How can I delete all my data? How secure is your API? Do you have 2-Step Verification? Have more questions? Call us at +1-888-607-3667 Serious about property management? Save more time & manage more units. See if DoorLoop is the right fit. Please try again. Please submit a valid email. Please try again.