ProfitCoach - ProfitCoach Skip to content Gain Insight. Drive Profit. Benchmark your property management business against the best in the industry and get a clear plan to achieve your financial goals. Let’s Get Started About Us Ready to maximize profitability? Join a community of top-performing property managers who are focused on improving financial performance through real data and actionable insights. Work alongside others who are actively driving better results, increasing profitability, and building repeatable success across their businesses. Let’s Get Started Services Expert Solutions to Move Your Business Forward Accounting Accurate, standardized corporate and trust accounting that turns financial data into clear, actionable insights. Learn More Financial Performance Data-driven analysis and forecasting to uncover profit opportunities and improve financial performance. Learn More Process Design Optimize systems and workflows using data to increase efficiency, consistency, and profitability. Learn More ProfitScore™ The ProfitCoach Finance Platform connects your financial performance to the dynamics of your day-to-day PM operations and to the broader performance of the industry so that you can utilize the best practices of industry top performers. Enjoy the very best of community-based benchmarking, scoring, best practice sharing, camaraderie, and accountability in our community and BeatTheBenchmark! Pricing Data-Driven Financial Performance for Real Profit Growth $50,000 ProfitDive Package​ $4500 /One-Time Start-Up Features: Full corporate accounting GL conversion to the NARPM Accounting Standards with a 2 year historical look-back. Includes a ProfitScore™ Financial Deep Dive to give you clarity on how you stack up to industry benchmarks as well as a ProfitPlan forecasting session to give you a confident plan to reach your financial goals. If you are already on the NARPM Accounting Standards, the cost is $2,000 and includes a review of your GL accounting as well as the Deep Dive session. Let’s Get Started Pricing Coaching Programs Designed to Help You Achieve Entrepreneurial Freedom GameChanger $1195 / Month Our GameChanger monthly services include: ProfitScore™ Dashboard ProfitPlan™ Forecast ProfitPeers™ Mastermind ProfitCoach™ Financial Coaching Let’s Get Started Boost $495 / Month Our Boost monthly services include: ProfitScore™ Dashboard ProfitCoach™ Financial Check In Calls Let’s Get Started Our Data-Driven Process Design services are available at two levels: Data-Driven Process Design $2500 / process Just getting started with LeadSimple or Aptly or need a full rebuild? DDPD was designed for you. Let’s Get Started Data-Driven Process Optimization $1500 / process Already running in LeadSimple or Aptly? Optimization is perfect for you. Let’s Get Started Our Accounting Services Corporate Accounting We categorize income and expenses according to the NARPM accounting standards and deliver thorough monthly financial reviews. From payables to payroll, we ensure your financials are accurate, structured, and decision-ready. Let’s Get Started Trust Accounting We own the outcome of your trust accounting processes, including reconciliations, owner distributions, statements, and deposit refunds, ensuring accuracy, compliance, and peace of mind. Let’s Get Started TESTIMONIALS Success Stories from Our Clients "ProfitCoach has absolutely transformed our business, to the tune of several hundred thousand dollars. The return on that investment is a no-brainer. I wish I would have done it two and a half years earlier. It has changed our business, it has changed our profitability of course, changed just our outlook–my outlook–on the business and how to run the business.” Mike Taylor Red Door Rents Property Management Moves Fast. Stay ahead. Join our free monthly webinar series and get actionable tips on finance, growth, team performance, and more. Register Today! Faq Common Investment Questions Guide We’re here to help. If you didn’t find the answer you were looking for, feel free to reach out to our team. We’ll make sure you get the clarity you need to move forward with confidence. What services do you provide? We offer business coaching, financial clarity, and customized growth support designed to help you improve performance, increase profitability, and achieve long-term success. Who are your services for? Our services are designed for business owners who want better financial understanding, stronger systems, and practical strategies to grow and scale their operations. How do you help improve profitability? We analyze your financial data, identify gaps, and provide clear, actionable strategies that help you control costs, increase revenue, and improve overall profitability. Do you offer ongoing support? Yes, we provide continuous guidance and support to ensure you stay on track, implement strategies effectively, and achieve consistent business growth. Blog Market Insights on Smart Investment Growth May 3, 2026 Blog Why Financial Clarity Matters for Growth Financial clarity is essential for making confident and informed business decisions. When your reports are organized and easy May 3, 2026 Blog How to Improve Business Profitability Improving profitability starts with gaining a clear understanding of your financial performance. When you consistently track income, expenses, May 3, 2026 Blog The Importance of a Strong Growth Strategy A strong growth strategy gives your business clear direction and purpose. It helps you set realistic goals, prioritize Contact Ready To Get Started? Ready to maximize profitability? Schedule a Business Performance Audit to get clear on your top 2-3 opportunities for maximizing your profitability. Don’t see a time that works for you? Send us a message and we’ll find a time that does! &#8220;In property management, there’s plenty of being busy, and you can keep being busy. But if you really want to get a handle on the numbers, and you want to make money, and you want to be able to experience the freedom that you thought that you were going to have when you started a business, then you should sign up for ProfitCoach.” Denny Miller Zenith Property Management X Ready to maximize profitability? Schedule a Business Performance Audit to get clear on your top 2-3 opportunities for maximizing your profitability. Don’t see a time that works for you? Send us a message and we’ll find a time that does! We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it. Ok Privacy policy